Versions you don't usually come across!
Archiving all the osu! versions from 2007 to now!
Plz give us b162!
When this baby hits 88 miles per hour... you're gonna see some serious versions.
osu! version conundrum!
Rise and b20121003shine.test, Mr. Freeman...
osu! time-travel machine!
The biggest version collection around!
peppycode
b20141109.13 best waifu!
archive!osu
Triangles are welcome!
Archiving all the triangles!
The biggest version collection around!
Thank peppy!
Haha, versions go BRRRRRRR!
Sliderballs everywhere! Oop, they just dissapeared.
Make sure to visit <a href="https://osuhow.ml">osuhow.ml</a>!
If you have any more triangle versions, let us know!
Versions everywhere!
Shoutouts to Simpleflips!
Props to everyone who contributed to osu!archive!
Archiving all the april fools jokes!
Make sure to check out Between Reality, Hubz's new book! Coming May 2021!
The 27th of March is osu!archive's birthday!
Cool Bug Facts: ILuvSkins almost had a heart attack when he found b20141106.4!
A month ago (at the time of writing this) we were constantly looking for triangle versions, and BAM, now we have 3 of them!
Thank you, guy who sold a shady CD of b370!
I can't wait for Between Reality to come out!
ILuvSkins likes listening to breakcore music!
yo hubz i'm out of splash ideas do u have any
Badeu should try playing on a 2010-2015 client!
Hubz thinks that this splash system was a great idea!
ILuvSkins likes writing these splashes!
Over 2000 lines of PHP!
Oh boy, here I go splash writing again!
b20141106.4 may be the coolest stable version on osu!archive!
Between reality and what?
Good ol' days, back when we only had about 15 versions...
The only splash to end with two exclamation marks!!
If you see this.. then, um, welcome to osu!archive, I guess!
Wayback Machine FTW!
seriously hubz i'm out of splash ideas help
If only peppy posted b162 instead of b99 on the forums...
[insert something funny here]
In order to view this splash, you must pay 20 osu!coins.
What are your favourite versions?
Can I offer you a nice triangle in this trying time?
Old osu! logo madness!
What's a lapfox anyway?
I'm writing splashes right now even though I probably have something better to do!
Remember, every time you don't delete your .cfg files before uploading, ILuvSkins loses one braincell!
If you don't play osu!, well, I don't even know how you got here!
2014 versions are cool!
Triangles may look nice, but they can also torture your computer!
HEY! A man has fallen into the triangles in osu!archive city! Start the rescue helicopter!
Stop looking at this splash and start looking at the osu! versions below!
I wish they kept the 2015 menu sounds!
Bonjour -polar bear
<a href="https://dev.ppy.sh">dev.ppy.sh</a> is so weird!
